But I'll say it for you that I failed to get that done.
But now that it's got to be in the open,
we just as well have the whole story,
so that nobody can take on Regency,
that the junior senators from Illinois,
departed from the street line.
Mr. Sturkson, may I say to you as a gentleman,
but I'd like to believe it's another one.
You and I are in total agreement.
I have always thought the total story should be told.
I think we should.
May I sir sum up your testimony as gracefully as I can.
You first heard that there was this question of the penis
and you as a lawyer and a senator knew that that was an agitating matter.
Is that right sir?
That's correct.
We have to have a word from you.
And secondly, you heard this astonishing story,
a treasure by the chief counsel on Mr. Adam,
and that too was an agitating story.
Yes, but let's Mr. Walshwitch add for the testimony
that the two were couples,
and that's my services where it's like to kill those offenders
if I could do them.
And you have no exact tattoos.
I'll kill them, have you sir?
I didn't kill them as a matter of fact, my good sir.
Well, in the end, I got them suspended
along the rest so that we could have a meeting
of some members of the commission.
So that's a whole matter, my good sir,
to start to ask the team what all the equities
and the varieties were in the game.
Is there a question?
Yeah, I have a point of order.
I could, I could, I could.
I would be a point of order.
I prefer the way Mr. Walsh is finished.
Mr. Walshwitch, the time has expired.
I'm sorry.
Could you stay here if you have no questions?
Uh, if you ask a more question,
I'll go around the table again if you do certain.
I don't.
Would you come back to me?
I might have one, but I don't.
I need to send you to my right, every question.
Can you come to?
No question.
Can you send me to my left for any questions?
From the McCartney, every question?
No, no, no, no.
Mr. Walshwitch, I, I, I, I made a line with her.
Mr. Walshwitch, this game's so interesting,
I wish that I'd been on the committee at this time.
But I'd like to say that in its much of its time
to go from for whom I have great respect,
I've been very fine and sure throughout the respect
of its position, and the problems involved
and it's a first about it.
I think it earned me so much that the other members
of this club committee, who were interrogating
or questioned or did they give the world
you might throw a fond Mr. Adam,
or also to work side of the position.
I heard about that.
We've asked the Hedges Dwarven and the rest of it.
Have you heard a question, Mr. Walshwitch?
I did not, sir.
Will the committee, before going to chair,
give me, chair unanimous consent
to ask one question of Mr. Eddler?
The good, that was great for you, Ed.
Mr. Eddler, you're the one who's telling me that,
no, sir, I call on you alone.
You call on you alone.
I call on you alone, sir, afternoon.
I have a husband, on January 22nd.
I saw you in your office for about 39 years.
That's correct.
Now, from the time you were on the committee,
Mr. Walshwitch will be clear for you when you call on him.
I call on Senator.
I call on Senator Spannington on the night.
I'm trying to help Simon.
You call on Senator Spannington.
I call on Senator Spannington.
You may leave me.
You have about 5.30 or 6.5 on January 19th.
I call on Senator Spannington.
I'm the local board of panelists.
I call on you as new on January 22nd.
Thank you.
The chair would like to be sworn at this time,
so I'm in the federal,
who is sworn to be sworn right here, certified.
I call on Senator Spannington.
I may give you a few days, you know, people should.
I have a little problem.
I'm not being part of the board.
I do.
The chair didn't know he was going to have a lot of people
being a witness for way.
He was probably might be seen in a letter
and the guest he didn't put on his television shirt.
He was a guest.
Thank you.
The chair would like to be the first of all a recap.
So the guest of his money,
the conversation he had with Mr. Adams in his aftertons,
January 22nd.
Now the chair began by saying that he never attended
only his hearing, because the court man was in investigation,
because most of them took place during the congressional recess.
When the chair was out in Falk, Dakota,
and following that on a speaking tour to the west coast.
Meeting his men says he did about him,
and the papers, the medicale phones,
and the Frank Carr, one day stating that he saw
that the long-ha hearing was being held,
and he was being interrogated, interrogated,
by the press above them.
He would like to get a daily telegraphic condensation
of synopsis of each day here.
Now we see those from that time on every day,
but they took synopsis of what took place
after he's infected his hearing,
and they came here to held on the white man's face.
Other than that, I had only a newspaper reader.
I'm out of information about them,
and so when Mr. Adams came to my office at noon,
and he's certainly asked to know,
and I think it was on the 22nd of January,
he did not have a very wide background
of what had taken place.
I did not think that Mr. Morgan was with him,
and I'm happy to have Mr. Adams come from that.
There is no reason he should be.
If the Adams is an assault decotent,
I am an assault decotent.
We have known each other for a long time.
There would be no reason for him to bring anybody
to resolve my office, and he came to see me.
If it is his first visit to my office,
and so far as I can recall about the fort man's investigation.
And that occasion, the chair would say,
that he opened the conversation by the sudden
substantially what the investigation has reported
in his discussion.
The matter of the paintings that have been issued
for certain members of the loyal reports.
The chair stated that his experience
as a member of investigating committees
dating back to the time when he served on the Dyes Committee
with Martin Dyes of Texas' chair.
He had always done everything that he could
to try to maintain the strength
and the position of Congress to have
all of the available information for committees.
He felt in fine always to be on the side
of a congressional committee in derving by a Stapini
or any other device to get all of the available information.
I have made that position very clear.
I have made it in a great many news statements.
I have made it in a great many speeches.
I have protested, for example, against you,
so-called human executive orders.
Which I have felt funded the piece
from congressional committees which in my opinion
and the co-ordinates' branch of government
have their rights to nullify.
I have stated that I was happy to find the relaxation
in that order which was made by President Eisenhower.
I was disappointed that the relaxation
was not more complete.
Because I believe that Congress and the people's representatives
are entitled to the facts that deal with corruption,
whether they deal with subversion,
or homosexuality, and the part of officials
in the executive branch of government.
If the ad is funded out to me and he's the lawyer,
and I am not, that members of the loyalty board
in his opinion had asserted that the quasi-judicial department
that he thought perhaps they should get some other treatment.
Then, I have now remembered
that the executive branch of the government,
which I have written, no position,
the pass upon that, has simply said
as far as he was concerned, he felt that he felt more possible
and productive to bring those people
before his congressional committee.
He could see no reason why they should be included out.
After discussing that at some point, Mr. Adam
before me, the discretion of cone and shine
and the fact that a great many efforts had been made
on Mr. Cone to try to get preferential treatment
for Mr. Shine in the United States.
Frankly, I felt a little bit uneasy
about the justice position of those topics
which admire your opinion were entirely unrelated.
We didn't discuss them at any great length,
but I do recall getting up from my desk
and walking to the outside door of the office with Mr. Adam
and saying this, that if I were running the United States Army,
that would be no problem with me at all
after the second time a committee's death number fell me up.
I was telling him from that time on,
I'm running, Army, you run your committee,
and I wouldn't talk with him on this,
one single additional time.
I pointed out further that speaking from myself
as a member of the committee,
Dave Shine was just another genre member.
That I wasn't one just concerned what happened to Dave Shine.
They said, put him, and I think I used this phrase,
and pay these pay-to-d duties for the rest of his natural life
as far as I was concerned if the Army itself
was a proper function to assign to him.
I said, I hope that because he was a member of the committee,
he would not be given any discriminatory treatment against him
and I was sure he was not.
Certainly as a member of the committee staff,
he would not entitle to any preferential treatment
as far as I was concerned.
I said to myself that was true,
for the other members of the committee,
but I knew it was true as far as I was concerned.
I attended the meetings with Senator Dirkson,
alluded to Senator McCrapson's office.
I said at that time, as Senator Dirkson said.
Certainly if a member of our staff was using him proper means,
the service was here for a friend of him,
preferential treatment in the United States Army,
I thought that was something our committee should not couple,
and I think we should be asked to resign
as a member of the committee.
I said I didn't know whether it was true or not,
I had heard the allegation.
At that meeting for the first time,
I heard some Senator McCrapson's advice
that he had written a letter to the United States Army,
saying that he has requested that sign be given
just the regular treatment of any other
prospective draftee or draftee.
I suggested that Senator McCrapson lead us to love
and accept the forms of the outside office,
ask somebody in his office to find the letter,
because the little time to find it, he finally came in,
and the McCrapson's letter, which is now in part of the letter.
So I simply think that it is only right
that the chairman should state his part
in both of those two conversations,
that he now submits himself to the usual line of questioning,
and that's how so do you make that in the chat?
Chairman, there's only one question of his desire as.
In that conference with Mr. Adams,
with respect to the subpoena,
the issue for members of the Lawyer to board,
they do not, Mr. Adams,
a meditator, or on any other occasion,
raise the question with you
that there was any directive-other preceding
the issue and the service of his subpoena
on a member of the Lawyer to board.
I'm not sure that he did.
He talked to me as a friend of Mr. Thomas F. Cotin
and with the lawyer,
giving me a opinion,
and perhaps he mentioned that there were directives,
I'm not sure,
but in developing to convince me at least
that these people saw a quasi-judicial position,
and that consequently said not,
but that they had come under the same concept
of the subpoena power which I had,
and which I still had,
and that is just the subpoena power of the United States Congress,
should be available to us to use almost all.
There may be a question.
I don't know, I'm not a law.
There are exceptions.
It's very difficult for me to understand,
by the way,
any justifiable exception whatsoever,
unless to exercise the subpoena power,
but be to jeopardize the national security.
As far as the cherries can share,
he has never been able,
during the 16 years that he has been
in the House of Representatives or in the Senate,
to find any other valid reason
for denying that people's representatives in Congress
all of the time,
regardless of who they may embark on.
Mr. President, Mr. Chairman,
did you feel at the time that Mr. Adams
was enlisting or attempting to enlist in lists?
Your aid and your influence
has a United States Senator
in many about the disasters
out the width of no subpoena,
should be issued for members of the Law of the Board.
That is just the purpose of his visit.
If I recall correctly,
and I may be wrong about this,
I think he mentioned that the reason,
one reason he was concerned
is that he was immediate superior
to Secretary Stevens,
was out of the country,
that he said fallen upon him,
that was a pretty serious responsibility,
and he was naturally concerned
to see that these subpoenas were users
to fight it or de-fair it until some other time.
Mr. Chairman, if it isn't out of order,
I would like to ask one simple short question
to Senator Durton,
while I'm on my feet.
Senator Durton,
I may be out of action.
Senator Durton, I will ask you whether or not,
in your conference with Mr. Adams
and Mr. Morgan,
Mr. Adams raised the question
that there was existing
any presidential directive
prohibiting the issue
and such a subpoena
upon a member of the Law of the Board.
Yes, Mr. Durton, I know that we did just the matter
in very considerable ways.
That question could have been raised,
or all I know.
You did not,
uh,
definitely recurred to me as most.
No further questions, Mr. Chair?
Uh, Senator,
Senator Jackson has called
with the attention of the Chair
that he missed broken so,
uh, among the law,
and I wish the right to be corrected,
and I'm referring to Mr. Tron,
the member of the committee,
I must, I must,
the member of the committee's chair,
and I will speak to him.
Thank you.
Senator McLean,
you may entirely get the chair.
Both of them?
Senator Jackson?
No questions.
Trying to question...
...when theyís talking?
〇21.
% ú Competition.
% ú edge.
Hadacting,
add sanitation criteria.
% ú
NNMCy consegue'unertaination.
Around health.
Roger,
uncאן pregnancy福ator,
Muhaya Juner curling.
Melissa Shulman.
I was training 7 or 7 lacodynamics.
This is another issue because I was
suspended.
I used to release
some presidential proceedings,
structural implications,
behöced by I-16s while representing
the federal government of Luego knows
all the ways to periodically
suspend the include recognizes and
amo,
20 second.
Deadby can vet you,
the fact that I had told him...
...
The chair at this point,
I would like to make clear that we are
calling the member to the loyalty board.
Not only to discuss with...
...
to the part of the individual members of the board,
having nothing to do with their official duties...
...
I do not recall that he did.
I do not recall that it was a tale, just to find it was a penny.
He says very frankly that's part of the explanation,
it takes very long, because I said it was gone.
I want to tell you my position right now.
I believe in the subpoenaed part of the council...
...
document where there was a month...
Will you have any further questions?
...
If not, the chair will uh...
We will proceed now with uh...
...
....
So
...
Yes, we will send a recess until 2 o'clock and send a pilot to the presentation.
That's what...
Your doctor, German, monitor now.
Medical hold, this next session is 2 p.m. this afternoon.